McKenzie: Face Off is back
with some of your
favorite artists.
This is Face Off All Stars.
Sync and corrections by n17t01
www.addic7ed.com
Dude, how crazy is it?
We're back.
- We are back.
- I'm so pumped.
- We need a team name, though.
- Uh...
- Neutroester?
- Neutroestron?
I'm George Troester.
And I'm Cig Neutron.
And together, we form...
together: Team Troetron.
I think we really bonded
season seven.
When we made Big Tuna...
We became closer than friends.
More like brothers,
and we work well
'cause he pushes me to do
stuff crazier,
and I push him do to stuff
a little more based in reality.
Just a bunch
of lovable goofballs.
Lovable.
Look at us.
- Gonna hold my hand?
- Yeah.
"All Stars"!
Here we are, once again, bro.
- Team Love.
- This is Niko.
- And this is Cat.
And we were both on season six
of Face Off.
Not only are we
boyfriend and girlfriend,
but we work together
a lot as well.
We own a company together,
so I definitely think
we can use that
to our advantage.
We're gonna rock this.
Our team name is Team Love.
No.
Okay, I guess.
I can't think
of a better teammate.
I mean, Rick Baker
would be nice,
but you're a good second.
Thanks, man.
I'm Logan, and I was a finalist
on season eight.
And I'm Adam,
and I should have been
a finalist on season eight.
I think we have what it takes
to win this competition.
I have a one-month-old
baby at home,
so that also is
an extra motivating factor.
I'm pretty stoked to be
working together.
Logan's gonna bring a lot of
practical application
to what I like to do.
And Adam's concepts
are really inspiring,
and I think we're gonna do well.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
He said it perfectly.
- Love you, man.
- Love you too.
- Look at that cool lighthouse.
- Oh, that's cool.
Wonder what kind of challenges
they're gonna throw at us.
I'm Gage, from season one.
I'm Rachael, from season seven.
And together, we're...
Team Rage.
- Team Rage is here to, uh...
- Kick some ass.
Yeah.
It's really surreal
for the both of us,
'cause it's been
a really long time
since I've been on.
I feel like they resurrected
a dinosaur, but, um...
We're one of
the very few teams
fortunate enough
to work together
prior to being here.
Gage invited me to work with him
on a music video
for Fall Out Boy.
And then,
a commercial in Brazil.
Working together has given us
a better idea of
where we stand, and...
That'll be a bonus for us.
- Team Rage.
- Yes, Team Rage.
- OG over here!
- Season one!
Where is McKenzie?
It's not Face Off until
McKenzie gets here.
When we reach the lighthouse,
we're all looking around
and wondering
where McKenzie is.
And then there's this helicopter
drifting towards us.
And it's starting to set in
that this is actually
happening again.
- What?
- Whoa.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Thank you very much.
Hey, guys!
All: Hi!
Welcome back to Face Off.
All: Yeah!
I didn't believe it
until I saw you.
It's so cool to see McKenzie.
This is the best entrance
she's ever had.
Now before we get started,
I want to thank
my friends at the US Coast Guard
for helping me arrive in style.
- Yeah.
- Yeah!
Now, as All-Stars,
I'm sure you think
you know what to expect
this time around.
But I'm here to tell you that
everything you think you know
about Face Off,
you can just throw
out the window.
Of course.
Because this season
is gonna be filled
with twists and turns,
and you are never gonna know
when they're coming.
Oh, my God.
All right, well,
as you already know,
you're competing in teams.
Now, you're gonna win as a team,
and lose as a team.
- Oh.
- Ooh.
- Okay.
- Aah.
So if you are eliminated,
it's your team
that will be going home,
not an individual.
- Yup.
- Fun.
But here's the thing...
we won't be eliminating
a team every week, either.
Oh.
Instead, we'll award immunity
to a winning team one week,
and eliminate a team
the next week.
- Ah.
- Okay.
- All right.
- Like your style.
So the judges will get
to see your work
from two challenges
before deciding
which team is eliminated.
- Awesome.
- Wow.
Yes.
I never had immunity
on my season
because Rachael won
every Foundation Challenge,
and she always got the immunity.
Not this time, Rachael!
Well, why don't we just dive
right into
your first Spotlight Challenge?
- Yeah.
- Let's get it, do it.
In films like War Of The Worlds
and The Abyss,
the strange and surreal
creatures in the deep ocean
have provided inspiration for
out-of-this-world beings.
And today, they'll serve
as inspiration
for your very own
alien creation.
I am so good with that.
- But...
However...
- However...
- Mm.
Because you are All-Stars,
we're gonna take it
one step further.
- All right.
- Of course.
We want your aliens to be unlike
anything we have ever seen
before on the show.
What does that mean?
So, for the first time
in Face Off history,
you'll be integrating
green screen technology...
- Yes!
- Into your makeup!
- Whoo!
- How cool is that?
I've never done anything
with a green screen before,
but I understand how it works,
so I'm really excited
to use the technology.
So this means
you can digitally remove
any part of your model
as you desire.
- Oh!
- What?
- Isn't it exciting?
- This is gonna be amazing.
All right, each team
will be selecting
an unusual deep-sea creature
to inspire their creation.
- Deal.
- Hmm.
Emily and Tyler,
you're up first.
Ooh.
Oh.
Oh!
All right, guys, as always,
my dad, Michael Westmore,
will come by later on
and check in on your progress.
- All right.
- Perfect.
Can't wait.
Awesome.
Go ahead and get started
on your designs.
- Yeah!
- Good luck!
- Thank you.
- Thank you!
- So excited!
- So excited, yeah.
I'm Tyler.
I was a finalist on season six.
And I'm Emily, and I was
a finalist on season eight.
We've never worked together,
and I'm so glad
that we get to because
I'm a fan of her work.
And Tyler is
an amazing sculptor.
- So, we are here to win.
- Absolutely.
We're both entrepreneurs.
I started my own wig business
with my mom.
And I created the Wonderband
Systems Organizer,
and it keeps all of my tools
ready to go.
- So...
- We're Team...
together: Wonderful.
Deep sea dragonfish.
As an alien, I feel like
it would be an invasive species.
The deep sea dragonfish
lures its prey,
so our alien
is a seductive being.
She lures her victims in,
and her beauty
is actually her weapon.
Emily had a really good idea...
is to actually
paint the green screen color
to cut in the shape
of the model,
so it'll give this
a concave feel to it.
- It's gonna be awesome.
- Yeah.
We wanted to do this the
entire time on season nine...
- Yeah, yeah.
- And so, finally,
- we get this chance.
- The whole...
- Hopefully, the whole time.
- Yeah.
- So, we're pretty pumped.
- Even... even af... even...
- I mean...
- Yeah.
- I'm Ben Ploughman.
- I'm Evan Hedges.
- And we're from...
- Season nine!
It's super cool to be back,
and finally getting a chance
to work together.
Yeah, and one advantage
that we have
is that we're the only
team of finalists
from the same season.
We ain't nothing to fuck with.
Yeah.
What are you thinking about
for the body?
What if we had, like,
a third back leg?
- Like a...
- Yeah.
We got the Japanese spider crab.
The idea is to remove
the actor's arms
and legs so it looks like
he's floating
or he's hanging in these arms.
I like the big arms.
I'm into that.
I'm, like, getting all these,
like, chills and stuff.
Yeah.
We could go crazy with this.
I'm Jasmine, from season nine.
I'm Stella, from season seven,
and we're gonna bring
something fierce
to this competition.
Hey.
We get a second shot at this,
but we just want to have
a good time.
There's no stress,
there's no fear...
No stress?
We're gonna join forces,
make art, and just be amazing.
We're really feeling the power
together, for sure.
To create our helmet
jellyfish alien,
we decided we're just going to
take away her legs.
She's gonna be
floating through the air.
The same ideas are
coming out of our mouths,
so I think it's perfect.
- That's why you're my teammate.
- That's right.
That's why we're
gonna take this.
I like the idea of completely
obliterating the human form.
I'm Melissa, this is Keaghlan,
and we're Team Merewolf.
Team Merewolf!
We've never worked together,
but Keaghlan's
an amazing designer...
And your fabrication is a beast.
But most importantly,
Keaghlan's got
beautiful blue hair
and eyebrows.
Ah.
Gosh, thanks.
Both of us are really
high-concept designers,
and I don't think people know
what to expect about us,
so I think that that's
definitely in our advantage.
I want to use, like,
the shapes and the patterns
and stuff as inspiration,
but I want it
not to look like a fish.
Uh-huh.
We have the flying gurnard,
and we want to create
a psychic alien queen.
Her head's gonna be floating,
and she's gonna have
separate fins that have links
to smaller drones
controlled by her.
I'm concerned because how are we
gonna incorporate the back?
It still needs to feel like
a 360-degree object.
Yeah, no, I agree.
I agree.
These are bold,
conceptual risks,
and this is something
I've never done before.
And I have to admit, I'm
terrified of the green screen.
It's such a big thing
to wrap our heads around.
Hey, everybody.
Let's get to work!
This is All-Stars.
Competition is higher than ever.
So I want to really prove that
we are in it to win it.
McKenzie: The winner of
Face Off All-Stars will
receive a VIP trip from
Kryolan Professional Make-up
to one of their 85
international locations,
a brand-new
Hyundai Veloster,
and $100,000.
It's so much bigger!
This is crazy.
We're back!
We're back in the lab.
It's like déjà vu
all over again.
But this time, we've got the
green screen setup in the lab
so that we can test out
different things
or just fool around
like I tend to do.
We've got a cold from coming in
from the north.
It's so much fun.
I'll start rocking
on the face...
- Cool.
- And you have a really good
idea for the legs, so do you
want to start building them?
- Yes.
- George and I got
the roughback batfish.
It's got this weird, "ugh,"
face thing,
so we're really using
the facial expression
to drive this weird,
aristocratic alien design.
And since his planet
is low-gravity,
we want our performer
to puppeteer legs,
so when he flaps his wings,
he can make it look like
he's actually floating up.
Flap, flap, flap, flap, flap!
- Hey, guys.
- Hey.
I'm happy if you're happy.
I'm happy if you're happy!
We got the vampire squid.
He has big eyes and
a lot of fat wrinkles,
so our alien is gonna be kind
of like a fat mall cop
with a skirt of tentacles
and membranes.
Cat is working on the face,
and I'm working on the chest.
Can I get a picture for Niko?
Yes...
- Look what I got you.
- Oh, my God.
That's the best.
That's awesome.
It is very funny to see
George's belly as a reference,
but it actually helps a lot,
so thank you, George,
for your beer belly.
- Like it?
- Yeah, yeah.
I'm happy if you're happy!
If you hate it, you can tell me.
If I hate it, I'll tell you.
Our skeleton shrimp looks
a lot like an alien already,
so we're gonna try
and use its body
and create a see-through
character.
I think it's very alien,
which I think is very cool.
Yeah.
Rachael and I switch off
sculpting
the face and cowl.
I'm really good at blocking down
first and secondary forms,
and she's really great
at detail.
So, we play upon our strengths
to try to pull this off.
You can talk to me
like lovers do.
I got him.
Easy!
Ben and I are working on
the giant chest sculpt.
It's a really important
part of the makeup
because we're gonna attach
the giant legs to it.
And our goal for today
is to finish it.
Okay.
Time to rake.
I need to go grab
a couple more sculpting tools,
but as soon as I head
to the mold room...
Whoa!
All: Oh!
- Fuck!
- Oh!
I hear the noise
you never want to hear...
clay hitting the floor.
- Is it bad?
- Oh... yes.
- It fell off completely.
- Damn it!
Everything that I just sculpted
is completely smashed flat.
Oh...
Now we need to start over.
We'll just sculpt him
on the floor then?
- Probably.
- Man down, dude.
Shit
We've lost maybe two hours,
so I'm not giving up,
I just don't want
to get lost doing too much
with so little time.
- Hi, All-Stars!
- Hi!
- Welcome back.
- Mr. Westmore walks in.
Amazing, Oscar-winning
makeup artist,
and I'm super excited
to see him again,
and I can't wait to see
what he has to say
about where we're at.
Tell me, what are you
going to do?
Well, because this is
a faceless creature,
I wanted to try to hide
the mouth as much as possible.
You've gone into the human
form with the cheekbones.
- Mm-hmm.
- And the mouth.
Actually, if you could continue
with this piece here
that would come
all the way to the chin..
- Interesting.
- And then you do away
- with the mouth altogether.
- Sounds good.
- Good luck.
- Thank you.
We have fanged octopus.
We're going to remove
the entire body of the octopus,
and it'll be this hovercraft
underneath this
really short, tentacle-y alien.
We were concerned about maybe
taking it too literally
and being too octopus.
I agree with you there.
You don't want to dangle
eight arms
- hanging down from this thing...
- Exactly.
With suckers on it,
but you can do it
by running something up here
that's not human.
Okay.
What we wanted to do was
keep the female gentle-looking.
And even do some beauty makeup.
She uses her bioluminescence
to lure her victims in,
but the rest of her costume
is what's gonna give her
her menacing feel.
You don't want to go so far
as to do a high-fashion makeup.
- Okay.
- By doing that,
your eye would go right to it.
- Okay, okay.
- As opposed to
- looking at the overall head.
- Got it.
- Wow.
- Yeah, we coordinated.
- Yeah.
- Totally.
So, how are you
interpreting your alien?
It's gonna be like
she's multiple entities
- that create one entity.
- Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
I'd do something with the mouth.
- Elongate it, maybe?
- It's... Yeah.
I think so, because, I mean,
right now,
it looks like
it could be a mask.
Like, elongate it...
almost trout-mouth?
Well, you can make it
in between.
- Okay, middle ground.
- Yeah, middle ground with it.
- Good luck to everybody!
all: - Thank you!
- Bye-bye.
- Bye!
Take it easy!
That's time, guys!
It's the second day in the lab,
and we've got a lot
of work to do.
We have to finish sculpting
the face and the cowl,
mold it, and we also have to
create our hero piece,
which is our tentacle skirt.
Hopefully, we can get everything
done we need to get done.
I just want to start
fabricating.
Still happy with it
this morning?
- Yeah, yeah.
- Okay.
I think even more so today.
Day two's always crazy,
and I can say that, 'cause
I've been on season ten.
Like...
Our plan of attack is that
we are gonna just
tackle these sculptures
and get 'em molded
as soon as possible.
Since our character is
going to be psychic,
I really want her
to have a big head,
with these sensory orbs
on the side
that reference the eyes
of the fish
but aren't a literal
interpretation.
So what I'm gonna do is
kind of build, um,
the texture on top of that.
- Do you like that?
- Okay, yeah.
And I'll bring that
into here too.
I think that Keaghlan and I are
working really well together
to present a character
that looks like
it was created by one person.
We're all on the same page.
Heck yeah, we are.
While Stella's in the mold room,
I need to start all the plastic
jellyfish bodysuit fabrication.
So I get a sheet of plastic,
and I start heating it
with the heat gun,
and I just really let it
organically
create its own shapes.
We take it over
to the green screen,
and we test out
the puppetry effect
that we're trying to create.
I have no arm!
And it looks really cool!
I don't see the string,
so that works.
Just got to paint that stick.
It's a good thing we wore
our short shorts today.
I know.
I start fabricating
the structure for the body.
I start with a ring,
puzzle-piecing things together
to get the shape I want.
I honestly have
no rhyme or reason.
Most of the body's gonna be
covered with clothes,
so it doesn't have to be
finished or anything.
It just has to have
the correct shape.
It's actually working
pretty well.
It's really funny.
All right, we've got a lot
to do... let's go.
We're going to integrate
green screen technology
into the character
by hiding our model's arms,
having one arm
control four arms.
So, I'm building
the overall form
out of PVC pipe and cups,
and then wrapping it
in Saran wrap,
heating that Saran wrap
down, melting it,
creating a seal
and a mild texture.
That's really cool.
Let me know when
you want to pop that mold,
and I'll help you clean it
so we can get it out of the way.
Yeah, yeah.
Get to it!
Time is going fast,
and I see that it's time
to open our cowl mold.
But I'm noticing
the cowl is not open.
We have to get it open.
I used mold release,
but one side of the cowl
was not completely cured,
so the whole mold
bonded to itself.
We should just forget about it.
Gonna keep going.
This cowl mold is
a very important piece
in our makeup,
so we need to have it.
I'm getting really frustrated.
I'm getting really upset.
At this point,
I don't know what to do.
We should just forget about it.
There's no way
this cowl's opening.
At this point, I want
to stop wasting time
and just go inside and work on
what we do have.
We're gonna keep going.
This cowl mold is
a very important piece
in our makeup,
so we need to have it.
I don't care if we break
the whole front.
- Can I be drastic?
- Yes.
I decide "Let's just
break this mold apart."
- Yes! Yes!
- Ah!
Yes!
Oh, my God.
Start cleaning.
We got it open, but the mold
is just destroyed.
I am just happy it's open.
Thankfully, we still have time
to repair the mold a little bit,
and run it in poly foam,
so I'm just praying
it comes out decent.
I don't know what happened.
- I'm just about done.
- Okay.
Our bodysuit is ready to go,
but I also want to add
really creepy, thin arms.
Oh, that's cool.
I'll melt it with the heat gun,
and it'll give it more form.
So my plan is to take
foam noodles
and then cover them with
liquid latex and tissue
to bring in that texture
that the dragonfish has.
And once we attach it
to the green screen suit,
all you see is these bony,
eerie-looking arms
that no human being would have.
We'd like to give
our creature claws,
just like the ones
the skeleton shrimp have.
And our model will be
wearing green gloves
so that she can hide her hands
while her hands are
inside these claws.
I vacuform them,
and give them together.
The skeleton shrimp
also has veins
that you can see
through his body,
so I attach rope to
the inside of the claw,
hopefully giving the effect
of seeing its insides.
Yeah, look it, 'cause then
you can still see this.
The closer I get
to finishing it up,
the more excited I am to see
this really come together.
That looks good.
Oh, yeah.
Look at that, dude.
- Boom!
- Oh, easy.
Instead of having eight giant
legs for our spider crab,
I think it's gonna be easier
to do two bigger legs,
so I build a wood armature,
then I wrap that
with upholstery foam
to get as much bulk as possible.
And then, I cover it in L200
and seal it with warm give.
I'm sure you are.
I'm gonna do the best I can,
but having to make
two giant legs...
it looks like we're not gonna
get everything done today.
Can I get a time check?
- 18 minutes.
- Copy.
That's time, everybody!
Whoo!
Things didn't go as quickly
as we need it to.
Not having these two
legs finished...
it's not setting us up
for success
for application day.
Guys, it's application day,
and we get four hours
in the lab!
Aw, yeah.
- Whoo!
- Oh, my goodness.
- Hi.
- Hi, it's good to see you.
- So good to see you, man.
- Good to see you!
You're probably the first makeup
ever in Face Off history
- to completely disappear.
- To be totally translucent.
So our plan is to paint
these shrimp-like panelings
up the front and back
of our model green,
and the green is gonna disappear
once its against
the green screen.
Rachael and I
are both really nervous
because we want this to pay off.
This is a big risk.
If they don't disappear,
then everything's
not gonna make sense.
Oh, my God.
That is so awesome.
- Okay.
- Let's try to get this on you.
While Adam finishes the arms,
I start trimming the face
to make sure
that not only can the model see,
but that the judges
don't see eyes,
because these holes
are quite big.
It's obvious, bro.
You can put a piece of mesh.
Luckily, it's an easy fix.
I take some scrim cloth,
I cut out
some circles and give them in,
then they can be painted dark,
so when the model
dons the face piece,
they can see, but the judges
can't see their eyes.
Evan and I have
way too much work to do.
I finish surfacing the legs,
they're handed off to Evan
so he can start
painting them with latex,
and then I start building
the back shell.
Okay.
We've bit off a little bit
more than we could chew.
But I've seen more stuff
come together
in one our of Last Looks
than I have in three days
of a Spotlight Challenge,
so anything can happen.
We're gonna do
a killer paint job on this.
We're gonna paint the whole head
the same kind of reddish color
as the helmet jellyfish.
Luckily, we only have
to focus on that,
because the chest down
and the arms
are all gonna be
green-screened out.
We go in with the airbrush
and we stick in other colors
to really bring out the shadows
of the forms.
- She looks badass.
- Yeah.
Okay.
I'm digging it... I'm digging it
so much already.
The paint job is so important
to this makeup.
Our fish has this amazing
leopard patterning
that we really want
to incorporate,
but I don't want it
to be so busy
that we lose focus, so I'm using
the patterning as highlights.
After you've done this,
circle it in white.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
It's gonna be really cool
when it's all put together.
- I like it.
- Cool.
Cat is working on
the application
while I'm fabricating.
Having this problem
with the cowl yesterday,
it put us a little bit behind,
so by doing fabrication today,
it's gonna cut time
in our painting.
We want to make sure
that we at least
have all the pieces applied
and finish all the fabrication.
- Face it up kind of...
- Okay.
- Further up like that.
- It makes me nervous,
but we have to just get it done.
Glue in these.
Glue in the front ones.
Yeah, yeah.
Ten minutes!
Guys, it's time!
Just got a lot
of painting to do.
Four hours are done.
We just have a base coat
on our creature.
And we don't have
anything else painted.
I still need
to secure the tentacles,
we need to paint
this whole creature,
we need to paint the skirt,
so I really don't know if this
is gonna happen.
This is it.
Last Looks is always terrifying,
and we still have a lot to do.
We have one hour,
and Keaghlan starts
by finishing the paint job
on the face.
Get the chest on... We need
to make that a priority.
I start sewing the chest piece
onto the green suit.
- How far are you?
- Yeah, I'm almost there.
We've got so much to do...
I have to concentrate
on painting our entire creature,
while Niko finishes
green-screening the arms,
putting all the tentacles in,
and painting the skirt.
All right, Niko, do the eyes.
Eyes, eyes, eyes.
- I need them to stand up.
- Eyes, eyes, eyes.
We're just gonna
have to latex it.
We try the suit on the model,
and there's a big gap between
the face and the body,
so we have to make
some last-minute skin.
So, I start gluing
the cling wrap down,
creating the skin bridge between
the head and the back.
Let's get this guy strapped up.
We have five days of work
in Last Looks.
We still have to paint
the third leg,
put the pinchers on,
get the legs attached...
basically, we have to do
everything.
Shit, we need to give this in.
15 minutes!
All right, everybody.
That's time!
Man.
I guess it's finished.
We're All-Stars,
and we're here
to show the best work,
and to start off
with something that's sub-par
just... sucks.
Welcome back to
the Face Off reveal stage.
Thank you.
Well, you all know
our incredibly
talented series judges.
Owner of Alchemy Studios,
Mr. Glenn Hetrick.
Good evening.
Oscar and Emmy award-winning
makeup artist
- Ms. Ve Neill.
- Thank you.
What a fabulous déjà vu.
Welcome back.
And of course, creature
and concept designer
Mr. Neville Page.
So good to see
so many familiar faces.
Before we get started,
I want to remind you
that tonight's top team
will win immunity
and will be safe
from elimination in next week's
Spotlight Challenge.
All right, guys.
For your first
Spotlight Challenge,
we asked you to choose
a deep-sea creature
to inspire a unique alien.
And, in a Face Off first,
we provided you
with green screen technology
to enhance your creations.
So, let's take a look at your
digitally-altered aliens.
Emily and Tyler,
you're up first.
The silhouette is so creepy.
Emily and I really feel
we nailed the character.
Evan and I are feeling lucky
that it's not an
elimination challenge.
We're sure we're
in Bottom Looks.
I think that we worked
really well together,
and we've created a creature
that's nothing like anything
I've ever seen before.
I can't help but laugh at it.
Generally, you don't want
people to laugh at your work,
but in this case, that was
the reaction we're going for.
While she is really beautiful,
she's also cutting
into her tentacles
with her hand,
and they're disappearing.
I'm hoping that maybe the judges
will just overlook it.
She looks great.
I think she's really dynamic.
Gage and I wish we had done
a little bit more detail,
but with the time we were given,
we think we achieved a lot.
Some people went
really abstract,
some people went very literal,
and we're kind of in the middle.
I am just hoping we stack up.
It looks so amazing
on green screen.
I'm really proud of what Niko
and I were able to accomplish.
Especially with all
the trouble we had.
All right, judges,
why don't you go ahead
and take a closer look at
these imaginative aliens?
Look at you.
I think they did a lot of work.
They've even painted her legs.
I love the paint job
on these hands.
It's gorgeous close up.
He looks like
a Mexican wrestler.
I kind of see it now.
I love the idea of this,
but it's the proportion.
It destroys all attempts
at doing something cool.
What a cool head shape, huh?
- It's beautiful.
- Yeah.
Just gorgeous.
It's one of the finest
paint jobs I've seen
in terms of patterning
and graphic design.
- Face, obviously super cool.
- Yeah.
The way that this comes out
over the eyes is awesome.
It's really fun.
Definitely took advantage
of the green on this one.
Yeah, yeah, I think
this is probably
the best use of
the green screen.
That's what
the challenge is about.
Ooh, this fabricating is rough.
The shapes are just
heavy-handed and clumsy.
I wish that the arms
were underneath,
so that they're not covering
everything up here.
Crosses a lot
when you see it on the green.
Nice paint job.
Look at all these little plates.
It's really cool.
I like the idea
of bifurcating the forearm,
but it just terminates
in such an abrupt way
that it feels very incomplete.
Look at the paint on this.
That is absolutely gorgeous.
But I feel that it failed
in the design department.
Yeah.
Okay, the judges
have scored your creations.
Let's find out
what they thought.
Rachael and Gage.
Ben and Evan.
Jasmine and Stella.
Keaghlan and Melissa.
You are the best
and the worst this week,
and the judges would like
to speak with you
about your work.
That means the rest of you
can head back
to the makeup room.
Thanks.
Ben and Evan.
Please step up.
Going up in front of
the judges with this makeup
right off the bat makes me
second-guess myself.
This doesn't look good.
Ben and Evan.
Please step up.
Guys, tell me about
how you approached
this challenge.
Our initial idea was to
get rid of the human form
and have giant arms
to propel this thing.
Yeah, we didn't want
to burden ourselves
with too many legs.
I dig the head,
but when you decided
not to pursue the multiple legs,
you made a mistake.
I think it certainly
would have been
more efficacious in
representing your creature,
especially in
a green screen challenge,
to have pursued
that multiple leg concept,
and I know that
you're definitely better
than what you presented
here tonight.
Dudes, I don't know
what the hell
you were thinking of.
These giant legs look
like totem poles
that were painted by
a bunch of three-year-olds.
The potential
of the silhouette of this
is cool.
But I say the potential, 'cause
the disconnect between
head and body,
they are of two separate worlds,
so this one's very
bittersweet for me.
Ben and Evan.
Can you please head back?
Yeah.
Thank you.
Next time.
Rachael and Gage?
- Hi, guys.
- Hi.
Hi, Ve.
Tell us about your
skeleton shrimp alien, please.
She's from a water planet.
She is transparent
and bioluminescent.
I think you did
a really good job
utilizing the green screen
element for this.
This is really clever,
what you worked out.
- Thank you.
- I mean, she is basically
see-through,
which is really cool.
- Yeah.
- I particularly love
these claw hands...
they look really
spectacular
on the screen as well.
- Great job, guys.
- Oh, thank you so much.
The claws are my favorite thing
because not only are they just
great the way they look,
but that one simple cord
was enough
to express an internal
nerve system,
so some very smart thinking,
and some of the most
successful effect.
Thank you very much.
Some of the sculpting's
a little rough,
and that would be problematic
in another challenge.
In this challenge, it's exactly
what you needed to do,
because you're trying to create
all these shapes
and get a full-body look.
This is what
we expect out of vets.
You can make some of these
more complex decisions
and you did that wonderfully.
- Thank you very much, Glenn.
- Thanks.
Rachael and Gage,
you can step back.
Stella and Jasmine.
Please come forward.
- Hello.
- Hi.
So tell us about your alien
that's inspired
by the helmet jellyfish.
We looked at it as having
that really great opportunity
to use the green screen
to remove the legs
and then go from there.
The proportion is totally off.
When shaping stuff
and doing things
in a beautiful and elegant way,
you have to step back
and look at
the balance of thin to thick.
And right now,
that cheekbone, for example,
is one solid pipe,
and it makes the whole thing
feel less elegant
than I think you're capable of.
Okay.
I feel like the arms,
and their positioning,
is a massive problem.
The arm crosses constantly,
so when you see it onscreen,
it's crossing elements
that are meant
to be present in the composite
while the performer's arms
underneath
are supposed to be invisible.
You could solve
a lot of your problems
by getting the performer's
arms underneath
and running a few rods below.
That way,
when they were gesticulating,
the performer's arms
would have remained hidden,
and it would look like
they were invisible.
Right.
Stella and Jasmine,
if you'd please head back.
Thank you.
Keaghlan and Melissa.
Hi, guys.
- Hello.
- Hey.
Start by telling me
about the concept.
Our creature is supposed to be
an evolved alien.
She is composed of many beings,
and the smaller pieces
on her arms are drones.
Love the head.
Thank you.
It is stunning.
Then you accentuated
the whole thing
with an amazing array
of different
skills and techniques.
Both: Thank you.
So bitchin'.
She really looks cool.
I love the glowing membrane.
Really nicely done.
Both: Thank you.
The graphic design,
the break-up,
the texturing,
and the palette are exquisite.
- Thank you so much.
- Thank you.
Keaghlan and Melissa,
you can step back.
- Good job.
- Yeah!
Thanks, guys.
If you'll please head
back to the makeup room
while the judges deliberate.
All right, let's start
with your favorites.
How about Rachael and Gage?
I loved that one.
You just saw right through it.
It was probably
the best use of green screen.
I agree,
particularly in the claws.
And that little detail of
just putting one cord
through it to indicate
an internal nerve system,
I thought was such
a smart detail.
Unbelievable how
it all separated out perfectly.
You even saw
the bones in the neck.
All right, let's talk about
Keaghlan and Melissa.
It's great to see such
intelligence behind a concept
that was very exciting,
and really beautiful.
The head is utterly gorgeous.
We often say, "Lights weren't
the best use of time."
This was a perfect example
of when
it was a very good use of time.
That said alien,
'cause you really thought
there was some sort of
ethereal-type thing
floating around in there,
and it was really quite cool.
All right, let's move on
to the looks
that didn't quite work for you.
Why don't we start
with Ben and Evan?
Not even a side of garlic butter
would make this better.
I don't know how they could have
let it go that far
off the rails.
The head is okay, but the arms,
and the dragging appendage
hanging off the back of it?
It's just ridiculous.
Well, maybe it just went south
when they started painting it
and didn't realize
how goofy it was
till it was too late.
I think they both know
what they did,
and next week
they have no choice
but to really turn it on.
All right, let's move on
to Stella and Jasmine.
I think they had
a pretty good idea.
I just don't think it was
quite cohesive enough.
There was the white, the clear,
the legs,
and then that big red head
sticking out of all of it.
The net result was a human head
floating in a discongruous mass
of poorly-fabricated tentacles.
The arm crossing it and
disappearing it constantly
was a massive problem,
and it's just
a part of the challenge
that was too complex for them.
All right, judges,
have you chosen
tonight's winner, then?
Yeah, we have.
Let's bring 'em back out.
All right, Glenn.
Tell us about the top teams.
Keaghlan and Melissa.
We loved your inventive,
artistic head sculpture,
and your high-concept thinking's
absolutely welcome here
this season.
Rachael and Gage,
your use of green screen
was just stellar,
and those
semi-translucent hands
were a particularly
standout element.
All right, Glenn.
Who is our winning team?
The winning team tonight is...
All right, Glenn.
Who is our winning team?
The winning team tonight is...
Keaghlan and Melissa.
We loved the incredible head
of your character design,
and the overall image
of your floating alien.
In concert with
the background that you chose,
it was very successful.
Congratulations.
Both: Thank you.
Having a teammate,
and winning with a teammate,
is crazy cool.
You know, it feels
out of this world,
and, you know, it's... if...
- Literally.
- Literally out of this world!
Keaghlan and Melissa,
congratulations.
As winners of
tonight's challenge,
your team has won immunity
in next week's
Spotlight Challenge.
All right, well,
for those of you
on the bottom tonight,
you will have a chance
to redeem yourselves next week,
so make sure to step it up.
All right, everyone.
You can all head home
and get some rest.
- Good night.
all: - Good night.
- Thank you.
- Thank you, guys.
Being a Bottom Look
in the first challenge
is a terrible feeling,
and I feel like
we've just really jeopardized
our second chance.
So, whatever the next
challenge is,
Ben and I
have to make a comeback.
Sync and corrections by n17t01
www.addic7ed.com
Next time on Face Off...
We are going to ask you
to do something
that has never been done before.
This wasn't really to work out.
Ooh, it did not set.
I have no fight left in me.
Two of you will be
going home tonight.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org